http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/5Q3eTZ6UvAM/bush-presidential-library-opening-dallas Bush presidential library opening to be 'like a wedding without the alcohol'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Nj_UEt-kNXw/boston-bombing-fbi-backlash-surveillance Boston bombing: FBI backlash 'risks turning US into surveillance state'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/d_2t5J5tpvE/five-ways-apple-lost-bite Five ways Apple has lost its bite
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kg2koddwFKw/abu-qatada-court-appeal-bid Abu Qatada: court rejects government's appeal bid
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7U3eCyB9Ex4/primark-internet-sales-bargain-clothing Primark profits as it spurns internet
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/WViAVqhS0C4/syrian-regime-chemical-weapons-israeli Israeli general: Syrian 'regime has used and is using chemical weapons'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Jpxl-m0KU-8/british-first-world-war-soldiers-buried British first world war soldiers killed in battle in 1917 are laid to rest in France
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GApMD7uOshY/edf-energy-nuclear-power-station EDF Energy to cut jobs to control cost of building nuclear power station
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/K4mAQbHbzxs/scotland-currency-row-osborne-scaremongering Scotland currency row: Osborne accused of 'scaremongering'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PFz1PumddGg/measles-outbreak-new-cases-week Measles outbreak: number of cases rises 121 in a week
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zUzsSOsB0Vo/sal-khan-academy-tutored-educational-website Sal Khan: the man who tutored his cousin – and started a revolution
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/o4NpTqLfb3c/somerset-business-guilty-fake-bombs UK businessman found guilty of selling fake bomb detectors to Iraq
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qFhKiZYnMuE/eurozone-crisis-manufacturing-services-italy-government Germany's private sector shrinks as eurozone decline continues - as it happened
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/jeOgyxNDl_0/friend-prince-harry-william-sues-phone-hacking Friend of Princes Harry and William sues over alleged phone hacking
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GEQxjanROSs/india-solar-plans-us-trade-spat India's grand solar plans threatened by ugly US trade spat | Kavitha Rao
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pnU0r89uGmA/budget-deficit-osborne-relief Relief for Osborne as UK budget deficit narrows
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/N34eHZRv6JY/falling-annuity-rates-cost-retirement Cost of a £5,000 retirement income rises 29%
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YmJ_20MZu5A/north-korea-rejects-us-conditions-talks North Korea rejects US conditions for talks
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/oyHQmBIuqQ0/liu-xia-appears-in-public Liu Xia defiant as she appears in public for first time in two years
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Yq7uZn9h49Q/currency-union-scotland-uk-osborne Currency union with Scotland may not be in UK's interest, says Osborne
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/KG0StImnnvc/look-love-coogan-winterbottom-video The Look of Love: Steve Coogan and Michael Winterbottom on their biopic of Paul Raymond - video interview
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/eg2kPuV9F74/george-osborne-panicking-economy-imf George Osborne denies panicking over economy after IMF criticism
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/LXrUGxS6TPQ/canada-terror-suspects-court Canada terror plot suspects due in court over attempt to derail train
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2GsqmwpozXE/boston-bomb-suspect-dzhokhar-tsarnaev-charged Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged with using weapon of mass destruction
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/xGssFy_aCNQ/police-investigate-remarks-councillor-schoolchildren Police investigate ex-Tory councillor over inner-city schoolchildren remarks
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/egR5Jt__YeI/syria-crisis-hundreds-of-europeans-join-fight-live Syria crisis: EU says 500 Europeans have joined fight - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/F3R8s_ODLdw/osborne-extend-funding-lending-businesses George Osborne to extend funding for lending scheme to small businesses
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/4ism4ePOxhQ/theresa-may-abu-qatada-deportation Theresa May to set out next steps over Abu Qatada deportation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pL66YrY7feA/coop-pulls-out-talks-buy-lloyds-bank-branches Co-op pulls out of talks to buy Lloyds branches
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/geHNkpBp3Qk/donald-trump-trump-anti-windfarm-ads Donald Trump's anti-windfarm ads banned over 'misleading' images
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/T3C-iVMp0L8/burma-pardons-political-prisoners Burma pardons more political prisoners
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/z63HD96-AE4/schools-illegally-excluding-pupils-inquiry Schools should be fined for illegally excluding pupils, inquiry finds
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/D8yuVZD0Izk/china-builds-second-aircraft-carrier China builds second aircraft carrier
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/AqlgEoBtZy0/lance-armstrong-sued-us-government Lance Armstrong sued by US government
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/K7s7jS-eNxM/lulzsec-arrest-australia LulzSec arrest in Australia
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/K3Gz_xg8p6Q/cosmetic-surgery-crackdown-needed-nhs Cosmetic surgery crackdown is needed, says NHS medical director
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/eMtTsSqQnpc/aande-patients-scattered A&E patients 'being left on trolleys in corridors'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2J5OzKGNl1M/unemployment-hits-uk-women-harder Unemployment among UK women rising to 25-year high, survey finds
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Ie_LBWzBPao/the-only-way-is-essex-surgery The only way is aesthetics: how Essex stars became cosmetic surgery models
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/q51lyBLL70s/number-people-food-banks-triples Number of people turning to food banks triples in a year
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VSn_dS_njxI/invest-cycling-tenfold-report Invest £1bn a year to boost cycling levels tenfold, urges report
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8zJHAbxAeaY/apple-profits-fall-cash-pile Apple sees profits fall for first time in a decade but cash pile rises to $145bn
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8tPCChJcrQg/bayern-munich-barcelona-live-mbm-report Bayern Munich v Barcelona – live! | Barry Glendenning
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ZZO9RmjPcw0/uk-government-helped-fake-bomb-detector-fraudster Fraudster who sold fake bomb detectors in war zones advised by UK officials
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/4zBzzNvbzxc/ecb-interest-rates-german-output ECB could cut interest rates after German output falls
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/BBpgV569NHQ/ap-tweet-hack-wall-street-freefall AP Twitter hack causes panic on Wall Street and sends Dow plunging
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/p1zLWTIBlNQ/suspect-alleged-canadian-terror-plot-appearances Suspect in alleged Canadian terror plot claims charges 'based on appearances'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IseJtNd0jEA/godolphin-trainer-horse-doping Horse-doping scandal rocks racing as trainer admits 'catastrophic error'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/LRoYZAsEo_c/david-cameron-girly-job-health David Cameron gave me 'soft, girly' job, says public health minister
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3kMDcQeF22Y/clegg-veto-snoopers-charter Home Office fears Clegg will veto 'snooper's charter'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QaTHQwl5xGs/bangladesh-building-collapse-kills-garment-workers Bangladesh building collapse kills at least 76 garment workers
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/m354uQ3WwCo/theresa-may-jordan-abu-qatada Theresa May announces new Jordan treaty to allow Abu Qatada deportation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8xxiWKIzd0A/luis-suarez-10-games-ban-liverpool Luis Suárez given 10-match ban for biting Branislav Ivanovic
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Gb8XdZIx7kg/council-workers-pay-rise-years Council workers offered first pay rise in three years
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/o0ZuXD2u1sw/margaret-thatcher-biographies-review Margaret Thatcher by Charles Moore; Not for Turning by Robin Harris – review
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/K-hR12FowSM/pmqs-cameron-miliband-abu-qatada-live PMQs and Theresa May's statement on Abu Qatada: Politics live blog
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/stkncwWYZW8/sun-royal-editor-charged-payments-soldier Sun royal editor to be charged over alleged payments to soldier
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HH-I9I8Gf8E/maze-prison-revedelopment-create-jobs Maze prison redevelopment expected to create 5,000 jobs
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/dzC_iQYYojw/enrico-letta-italy-prime-minister Enrico Letta nominated as Italy's new prime minister
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/4QCVIyUr3gY/keir-starmer-director-public-prosecutions Keir Starmer to stand down as director of public prosecutions
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/UDibm2ukwH8/bristol-cyclist-deaths-couple-simons Bristol cyclist deaths: disqualified driver admits killing 'perfect couple'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/V8iPZp_Wi38/european-rights-convention-abu-qatada UK may withdraw from European rights convention over Abu Qatada
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/E_t1FoVXslg/eurozone-crisis-italy-prime-minister-markets Eurozone crisis live: Enrico Letta blasts austerity after being named Italy's next PM
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YogkDiRusZA/surrey-police-amnesia-milly-dowler Surrey police had 'collective amnesia' over Milly Dowler phone hacking
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/M4Ogwtmq41s/britain-sunshine-temperatures Britain basks in sunshine before temperatures dip
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IqXHodfnI9k/matteo-renzi-tipped-italy-pm Matteo Renzi: 'we want to restart Italy'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/EwsBJT2w9oE/champions-league-borussia-dortmund-real-madrid Borussia Dortmund v Real Madrid - live!
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nlB2gz7rqtU/ed-miliband-union-leader Ed Miliband hits back after union leader's 'reprehensible' attack
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/h0rnku_DRG4/freddie-star-rearrested Freddie Starr rearrested over allegations of sexual offences
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/yB4Hosn9-40/boston-marathon-bombings-sean-collier-memorial Boston bombings: memorial held for MIT officer as investigation continues
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nGDWZhBWOh4/bangladesh-building-collapse-shops-west Bangladesh building collapse: factories supplied shops in west
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3e4DBOp0yOU/canada-joe-oliver-attack-james-hansen Canadian oil minister Joe Oliver condemns climatologist James Hansen
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/m354uQ3WwCo/theresa-may-jordan-abu-qatada Abu Qatada will not be deported for many months, admits Theresa May
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IzcFlESsZqA/trust-eu-falls-record-low Crisis for Europe as trust hits record low
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/S-Edbdq9ETg/syria-un-soil-sarin-gas Syria crisis: UN to study soil samples for proof of sarin gas
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/l8FnAlwNkN8/duchess-cambridge-topless-photographs Two charged over Duchess of Cambridge topless photographs
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Y2yvYPwl36E/ukip-stands-by-rotherham-candidate Ukip stands by Rotherham local election candidate with BNP links
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/-zvphsOIgFY/mod-poised-privatise-part-defence-procurement MoD poised to privatise part of troubled defence procurement process
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/A_DYSgDrkyM/enrico-letta-italy-prime-minister-designate Enrico Letta named Italy's prime minister designate
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pBaMIKwkQjk/ceri-fuller-inquest-couple-break-up Ceri Fuller inquest hears children were killed after couple 'decided to break up'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hhyLTZMJFig/ed-miliband-election-seduced-blairites Ed Miliband will lose election if he is 'seduced' by Blairites, says union chief
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/iziZg_CCenw/disneyland-paris-spied-job-applicants Disneyland Paris spied on job applicants, French court told
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/p5cdfLoGIF8/students-higher-education-almost-50-per-cent Number of students going on to higher education almost reaches 50%
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QaTHQwl5xGs/bangladesh-building-collapse-kills-garment-workers Matalan supplier among manufacturers in Bangladesh building collapse
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/h_MJ4E2KuzM/anonymous-uk-founder-accused-rape Anonymous UK founder accused of rape at Occupy London camp
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/NvWwZbC8L1U/minibus-crash-lorry-driver-arrested Fatal M62 minibus crash: lorry driver arrested
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1K4KFMRgtMo/meet-women-doing-mens-work Meet the women doing 'men's work'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Psb0ZI_Zf_Q/moscow-hospital-fire Moscow hospital fire turns spotlight on Russia's terrible safety record
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/iYVCVHNq0lk/us-bulletproof-uniforms-gun-control US schools weigh bulletproof uniforms: 'It's no different than a seatbelt in a car'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/bwCEKiiwS6w/venezuela-opposition-leader-election-audit Venezuelan opposition leader rejects election audit plan
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Lt9jT1m6e38/bangladesh-building-official-response-fury Bangladesh building collapse: official response fuels fury
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VQX4zeNEtAo/two-court-bulger-killers-injunction Two in court accused of breaching Bulger killers injunction
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/j0LYLkvVgwc/winston-churchill-new-five-pound-note New £5 note replaces Elizabeth Fry with Sir Winston Churchill
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/RSCnfOgLKuk/george-galloway-spat-ed-miliband George Galloway in bitter spat with Ed Miliband
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/cp1OzLa9-64/terror-plot-ringleader-jailed Birmingham terror plot ringleader jailed for minimum of 18 years
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ccq05Z16Uk0/colorado-legalised-marijuana-drugs-sales Colorado marijuana growers hoping for a Rocky Mountain high
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7EN5r0xyxuc/labour-gains-local-elections Labour poised for gains in local elections
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/tMXqVdnrWjQ/briton-threat-shoot-200-us-schoolchildren-facebook Briton admits threatening to shoot 200 US schoolchildren in Facebook posts
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/umUqN1evvxU/moscow-hospital-fire-kills-38 Moscow psychiatric hospital fire kills 38
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8NeMDlEFBSA/police-officer-pleads-guilty-sun Ex-police officer pleads guilty to selling information to the Sun
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/B2pJv1Lmp5s/margaret-hodge-accountancy-code-practice Margaret Hodge urges accountancy code of practice over role in tax laws
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OcYZg17Ta1o/bitcoin-currency-moves-offline-berlin-video Bitcoin: world's fastest growing currency migrates off the internet - video
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YBZEuksaIQo/warning-headteachers-tutoring-boom Warning from headteachers as parents dig deep to fund boom in private tutors
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kMl4Z6C3P1c/british-troops-syria-chemical-weapons British troops to Syria unlikely despite evidence of chemical weapons use – PM
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/RGoubNkLAIU/john-lewis-sales-fall-sun John Lewis sales fall as Britons opt for sunshine
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/e65gR6rkHlg/syria-chemical-weapons-red-line-live Syria crisis: Cameron says 'growing evidence' of chemical weapons - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ocW7SlN2JiE/bangladesh-building-collapse-clashes-rescue Bangladesh building collapse: clashes erupt amid anger over rescue operation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zvxGIpEZ2WA/accountancy-firms-knowledge-treasury-avoid-tax 'Big four' accountants 'use knowledge of Treasury to help rich avoid tax'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/fkJJB4A3z18/liam-fox-tory-thatcherism Liam Fox calls for Tory return to Thatcherism
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/dwbMyWD-UuI/hidden-dangers-of-legal-highs The hidden dangers of legal highs
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zndpZ04jYvo/obama-proof-syria-chemical-weapons Obama: proof of Syrian chemical weapons would be 'game-changer'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/yyXC1wnK8Lk/canada-government-sri-lanka-commonwealth Canada attacks 'evil' of Sri Lanka hosting Commonwealth summit
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/d0CIN7itP-M/rupert-murdoch-pay-news-corp Rupert Murdoch's pay to reach almost $30m after News Corp split
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/poK4T0eCEVI/blow-for-cameron-china-hollande Blow for Cameron as China welcomes Hollande
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/_KHj03Hv0Kg/ed-miliband-press-regulation-queen Ed Miliband: tighter press regulation will not compromise Queen's neutrality
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/o5uCobXExpA/m62-minibus-crash-dead-pontefract M62 minibus crash leaves one dead and seven seriously injured
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/R52uCsJ-R7Q/cameron-woos-right-marriage-tax Cameron woos right with marriage tax allowance pledge
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OvYOVTLXhLs/man-dies-police-taser Man dies after police Taser incident
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/DjZ1XqxMVCE/max-clifford-charged-indecent-assault Max Clifford charged with 11 counts of indecent assault
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/V2zqx2AIodk/tourists-survive-shark-infested-caribbean US tourists survive 12-hour ordeal in shark-infested Caribbean waters
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3r7XVTPAho0/internet-troll-kill-tennessee-students Internet troll admits Facebook threats to kill 200 Tennessee students
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Lt9jT1m6e38/bangladesh-building-official-response-fury Bangladesh building collapse: dramatic rescue for survivors found in air pocket
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/SeqTFtJVYKo/us-options-syria-chemical-weapons-claims US ponders Syria options but urges caution over chemical weapons claims
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QfqEbxF3K8Q/universal-credit-pilot-launch Universal credit pilot to launch with only a few dozen claimants
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8oHjOonhhko/igas-shale-gas-wells-manchester-liverpool IGas to drill two shale gas wells between Manchester and Liverpool
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OdtYxBR0VOc/carbon-emissions-climate-change Industrialised nations' greenhouse gas emissions dipped in 2011, data shows
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1H-rV-v2ePE/my-penpal-amanda-knox My penpal Amanda Knox and me
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kicKw8A7HTo/ed-miliband-living-wage Ed Miliband lays down living wage challenge
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Ob9h_z8OEno/dutch-arrested-spamhaus-cyberattacks Dutch citizen arrested over Spamhaus cyberattacks
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zBXbmoealak/pussy-riot-denied-release-prison Pussy Riot member denied early release from prison
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2bzLK0mwuKk/nhs-ombudsman-patient-complaints-mid-staffs NHS ombudsman: ignoring patient complaints 'risks new Mid Staffs'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0OzG8whBfAs/newcastle-united-liverpool-live-mbm Newcastle United v Liverpool – live! | Simon Burnton
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/T7L1YWQVfKg/afghanistan-plane-crash-kills-four Plane crash in Afghanistan kills four Nato security force members
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zIwyfGw8W38/italian-government-team-rivals-recession Italian government forged from team of rivals
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/A_rddUMZF-4/saturday-clockwatch-live-mbm Saturday football clockwatch – as it happened! | Ian McCourt
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kTtSOduoPN4/jesse-norman-eton-school-uk-government MP Jesse Norman defends Eton school's dominance in government
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/rbh7xA80LeM/pedro-almodovar-backs-spanish-protests-evictions Pedro Almodóvar backs wave of Spanish protests over family evictions
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ITUJMnL0KKU/bangladesh-factory-owners-engineers-arrested Bangladesh factory owners and building engineers arrested
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1PVAutanuXA/archbishop-canterbury-criticises-bankers-city Archbishop of Canterbury criticises bankers for 'culture of entitlement'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hqLZRw7Jdhc/anti-drone-protestors-march-uk Hundreds of anti-drone protesters march against UK flight-control centre
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/e_cck-HOqkg/san-francisco-gay-pride-bradley-manning San Francisco gay pride rescinds honour for Bradley Manning
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IKf67fn0FMM/max-clifford-sexual-assault-charges Max Clifford says sexual assault charges against him are 'nonsense'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/glqIdzcZiPw/boston-marathon-bombing-suspect-death-penalty Boston police chief 'fine' with calls for marathon bomb suspect's execution
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1oDozdYfVQs/american-death-penalty-north-korea American tourist faces death penalty in North Korea
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/4NjDIhFoWbo/uk-measles-risk-private-schools-traveller-groups Measles: 'greater risk of infection' in private schools
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/SuiSQTHzPoo/secret-diary-of-a-surrogate-mother Secret diary of a surrogate mother
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kl-BybmV8gg/september-11-landing-gear-found-nypd 9/11 landing gear found by surveyors near Ground Zero
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QkAzamGIye8/pakistan-politicians-defy-taliban-threat Pakistan's campaign trail politicians use stealth to outwit Taliban threats
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Sp9TGLgK6WM/iceland-centre-right-financial-crash Iceland votes in centre-right that presided over financial crash
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kbubIGkytBE/waitrose-buffet-supply-deal-eurostar Waitrose agrees buffet deal with Eurostar
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/X6QnIbZCIjA/amanda-knox-wrote-letter-kercher Amanda Knox says she wrote unsent letter to Meredith Kercher's family
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/exM3OEhmPP0/ken-clarke-ukip-waifs-strays Ken Clarke: Ukip has fruitcakes, loonies, waifs and strays
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7N3tpnZFgMM/two-guests-dead-hotel-pool Two guests found dead in Essex hotel pool
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/UfdtDX7dNJc/bangladesh-collapsed-building-owner-arrested Bangladesh collapsed building's owner arrested
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/UzaZ25rE1XQ/italian-police-shot-pm-office Italian police shot outside prime minister's office
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/XHJYkxCDLyU/barack-obama-daniel-day-lewis Barack Obama plays Daniel Day-Lewis playing Barack Obama
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7edpX-7VTEw/iain-duncan-smith-pensioners-benefits Iain Duncan Smith calls for wealthy pensioners to hand back benefits
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/fXnaWKhrmUk/parents-join-nurseries-protest-ratios Parent groups join nurseries to fight new carer ratios
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/D88Z3HyG8OE/headteachers-jesse-norman-eton-government Headteachers mock Jesse Norman's claim Eton breeds best public servants
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/CI64CIlnAao/europe-insecticides-ban-save-bees Insecticide firms in secret bid to stop ban that could save bees
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9xJ67v_kbw8/life-foundation-pancras-church-cult Church concerns over 'peace flame' plan
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8ShXL-zT4-w/syrian-nerve-gas-claims-eyewitness Syrian sarin claims undermined by eyewitness accounts
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/46C0gUWwQIA/italy-coalition-berlusconi-letta-alfano Italian coalition government unveiled after weeks of deadlock
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/V6HY1BqsKbc/man-charged-barack-obama-ricin-letters Man charged over ricin letters sent to Obama and officials
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/lF0HCLYz4EM/bangladesh-collapsed-factory-owners-detained Bangladesh factory collapse: police detain owners, as death toll exceeds 350
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/j4EnCCJubtU/ukip-local-elections-emails Ukip in chaos over policy on eve of key poll, emails reveal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Qqg-wHPHw90/french-minister-attacks-merkel-austerity French minister says Merkel's austerity drive has failed
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/-C4iKyLK28o/ed-miliband-plans-autumn-reshuffle Ed Miliband prepares Labour for major autumn reshuffle
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/I2RvctzrPaI/almodovar-my-gayest-film-ever Pedro Almodóvar: 'It's my gayest film ever'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0OzG8whBfAs/newcastle-united-liverpool-live-mbm Newcastle United 0 Liverpool 6 – as it happened | Simon Burnton
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/WBoSkxpz0rk/boston-marathon-bombings-tamerlan-tsarnaev-islam Tamerlan Tsarnaev and radical Islam: friends and neighbours seek answers
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/n13uKJoksQ4/premier-league-arsenal-manchester-united-live Arsenal v Manchester United - live! | Jacob Steinberg
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/m1HthHE5WF4/gaza-schoolboys-trained-use-kalashnikovs Gaza schoolboys being trained to use Kalashnikovs
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ob7JuefDRhc/german-role-euro-crisis-disaster German role in steering euro crisis could lead to disaster, warns expert
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/u_cb3W6erwk/northern-mali-unstable Northern Mali still unstable despite French intervention
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/F8ixvwiP_0Q/al-jazeera-banned-iraq-sectarian Al-Jazeera banned by Iraq over 'sectarian bias' in coverage
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/i_OE6b29Vk8/plebgate-bike-up-for-sale 'Plebgate' bicycle put up for sale
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/seGFkJxFXsg/axed-russian-winter-olympics-official-poisoned Axed Russian Winter Olympics official 'poisoned'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Sp9TGLgK6WM/iceland-centre-right-financial-crash Iceland votes in centre-right party that presided over financial crash
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HfqxedOMe5Q/cyber-jedi-contest-britain-empire 'Cyber Jedi' schools contest a new hope for Britain's IT empire to strike back
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/n13uKJoksQ4/premier-league-arsenal-manchester-united-live Arsenal v Manchester United - as it happened | Jacob Steinberg
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QskZuAwllaQ/qatar-returns-statues-greece-nudity Qatar returns statues to Greece amid nudity dispute
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/WQWCqBQRvck/barack-obama-washington-dc Obama's White House Correspondents' Dinner routine hits close to the mark
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/E-Kzb0PP_4Q/austerity-g8-leaders-charity Austerity-hit G8 leaders must not allow charity to begin and end at home
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0H4DVs1IMBg/syria-pm-survives-damascus-bomb-live Syria crisis: PM 'survives' Damascus bomb attack - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/P87siGcms38/dubai-jails-uk-trio-torture Dubai jails UK trio on drugs charges after police torture claims
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nG7kL0WsuBE/police-focus-crime-catching-criminals Police 'should focus more on preventing crime than catching criminals'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qBIL1c-V0pk/eurozone-crisis-italy-government-confidence-markets Italy's new government faces confidence vote - Eurozone crisis live
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qjVhkKYKXC0/south-korea-workers-venture-north South Korea to withdraw last workers from Kaesong joint-venture with North
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/p1nRy0FNh_k/british-trio-jailed-dubai-torture British trio jailed in Dubai on drugs charges after police torture claim
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/NnGOw8ahpJY/multiple-sclerosis-patients-uk-inadequate-care Most multiple sclerosis patients in UK 'receiving inadequate care'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OOx6N0X1418/british-man-rescued-yacht-overboard British man rescued from yacht after skipper lost overboard
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/MH7KIGjljJc/pm-concern-torture-dubai-police PM concern over British trio's claims of torture by Dubai police
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/06Dma_3uPR8/bank-lending-to-rise-2013 Bank lending to UK businesses predicted to rise in 2013
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/lfltZG-mXxc/public-sceptical-politicians-ability-fix-economy Politicians cannot fix economy, voters say, with Tories most sceptical – poll
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/KQUFjprwIQY/stephen-lawrence-inquiry-police-appeal Stephen Lawrence inquiry remains open, say police
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/THNRq3EQTH0/police-post-offices-high-street Police could use post offices as high street bases
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/v2n0QzQgrPk/welfare-budgets-squeeze-george-osborne Cabinet tensions surface as chancellor plans tighter squeeze on welfare
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8SRDqs4-06k/tory-response-ukip-local-elections Tory ministers in disarray over response to Ukip 'clowns'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/_7_PpqkEgCE/curious-incident-olivier-awards Curious Incident counts out seven Olivier awards
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/E8PCEudJZJw/downing-street-twitter-exclusives-journalists Number 10 hands out Twitter exclusives to favoured journalists
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/XEUk9nbbsqM/australia-boom-aboriginal-story-despair Australia's boom is anything but for its Aboriginal people | John Pilger
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hAocUSgKpMk/girl-forced-pregnant-donor-semen Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/UBYlfUyoZZE/carbon-bubble-australia-coal-industry Carbon bubble makes Australia's coal industry ripe 'for financial implosion'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3JrkQUuvfxo/bangladesh-garment-factory-collapse-owner-held Bangladeshi garment factory death toll rises as owner arrested on border
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2nd8oClNQCM/alan-johnson-gordon-brown-lib-dem-coalition Alan Johnson: Gordon Brown had to go and I planned to lead coalition
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Nhre4p2UW8o/british-men-dubai-court-verdict British men await Dubai court verdict amid accusations of torture
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/R0W4n6QAb2Q/facebook-loses-users-biggest-markets Facebook deserted by millions of users in biggest markets
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/24nQ_sHtmy4/how-running-became-new-clubbing How running became the new clubbing
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qBIL1c-V0pk/eurozone-crisis-italy-government-confidence-markets Italy's new coalition faces confidence vote - Eurozone crisis live
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0OzfZ98pKxk/app-messaging-damages-mobile-text-revenues App messaging damages mobile networks' text revenues
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ngBPzM4D_tw/headteacher-hanged-ofsted-review-inquest Headteacher found hanged at school feared Ofsted review, inquest hears
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/esA6qkMhYTU/explosion-prague-injures-dozens Suspected gas explosion injures dozens in central Prague
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kXOShhHv4t0/two-guilty-rape-debenhams-manchester Two men found guilty of raping boy in Debenhams
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/j7gBXqpAk0w/amsterdam-dutch-crown-prince-willem-alexander Amsterdam prepares to party as Dutch crown prince is inaugurated
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0H4DVs1IMBg/syria-pm-survives-damascus-bomb-live Syrian PM 'survives Damascus bomb attack' - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/bKHY-jJZRog/obama-worlds-funniest-politician-president Is Obama the world's funniest politician?
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/P87siGcms38/dubai-jails-uk-trio-torture Three Britons who claimed Dubai police tortured them jailed on drugs charges
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Wa4MxrMEnyU/iain-duncan-smith-benefits I am not asking pensioners to hand back benefits, says Duncan Smith
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/56nwuqaoPHo/bee-harming-pesticides-banned-europe Bee-harming pesticides banned in Europe
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/u4lhCSgMIF0/april-jones-murder-trial April Jones jury to visit town where she disappeared
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/DWINi3NtYdg/gaza-police-shaving-heads-men-western Gaza police shaving heads of young men in crackdown on western fashion
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/i0ndJrbBCjU/duchess-cambridge-hoax-call-saldanha Australian hoax call DJ to appear at inquest of Jacintha Saldanha
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/_0_wzSpmLko/north-wales-child-abuse-victims North Wales child abuse: more than 140 people say they were victims
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VEFC4cwOVNs/high-court-challenge-barnet-easycouncil High court rejects legal challenge to Barnet's 'easyCouncil' plans
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zDVbog4-a1A/fears-british-sailor-yacht-pacific Fears grow for British sailor who fell from yacht in Pacific Ocean
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PVfbCQN8Wc8/indian-boy-ferrari-joyride-father Indian nine-year-old's Ferrari joyride lands father in trouble
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Y2Jh7_gvTzY/act-terror-arrest-filming-police-video Act of Terror: arrested for filming police officers - video
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/p94WLUHFULM/cameron-refuse-attack-ukip David Cameron refuses to attack Ukip
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/q3gnk0aOIkc/global-carbon-dioxide-levels Global carbon dioxide levels set to pass 400ppm milestone
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2SKV1KQNvMs/primark-compensation-bangladesh-factory-collapse Primark urges other UK retailers to join it in compensating Bangladesh victims
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ddNj7091Tf0/guantanamo-bay-hunger-strike-reinforcements Guantánamo Bay hunger strike prompts arrival of medical back-up
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/jVWT2hfwsl0/dubai-torture-claims-relatives-pardon Dubai torture claims: relatives hope for pardon of jailed Britons
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/X6NL66vN3tA/carbon-dioxide-concentration-record-levels Carbon dioxide concentration to hit record levels this week
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/vTZp9MloE6A/royal-mail-sale-thatcher Royal Mail sale: ministers set to go where Thatcher feared to tread
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Zj5qg3PJ3to/tory-heartland-ukip-hs2 Ukip aims to turn Tory heartland purple with rage over HS2 'betrayal'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/UmhfwBcl_y0/assad-syrian-hackers-cyber-attacks Pro-Assad Syrian hackers launching cyber-attacks on western media
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/6NpLHAz39hk/northern-ireland-gay-marriage-bill-fails Unionists defeat Northern Irish gay marriage bill
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/esA6qkMhYTU/explosion-prague-injures-dozens Prague explosion possibly caused by gas injures dozens
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/gspbwoQYgXE/ufo-conspiracy-hearing-congressmen-senators UFO conspiracy hearing boosted by former congressmen and senator
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/f_QqrcZbuEo/bp-north-sea-oil-leak-ula-norway BP rebuked over North Sea oil leak
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/X5rbadIb3hY/hmrc-goldman-sachs-tax-osita-mba How HMRC treated its Goldman Sachs tax deal whistleblower as a criminal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/q95fE65OeKY/jason-collins-gay-sports-illustrated-wizards NBA center Jason Collins becomes first openly gay player in major US sports
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0LMZqUyvQpI/couple-found-dead-hotel-drowned Couple found dead at country hotel drowned, say police
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/AxmvO0XUBCg/benetton-link-collapsed-building-bangladesh Benetton admits link with firm in collapsed Bangladesh building
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9z38UbMh9r8/syrian-prime-minister Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pfpS9mDHUXE/cia-mi6-afghan-corruption CIA and MI6 ghost money may fuel Afghan corruption, say diplomats
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YxZLObALP08/everest-conquest-anniversary-altercation Everest conquest anniversary marred by high-altitude altercation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1DZ5rOz9BL0/kodak-businesses-pensioners-deal Kodak to sell two of its businesses to UK pensioners in $2.8bn deal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IueNxuofmuU/crying-baby-festival-tokyo-pictures The Nakizumo crying baby festival in Tokyo – in pictures
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/6Hp61oiuF04/new-york-one-world-trade-center New York to place final pieces of spire on One World Trade Center
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hrbSC8fFbg8/eurozone-crisis-unemployment-rate-italy-letta Eurozone jobless rate hits record high as Spanish recession deepens - live
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Uuxnzp1fuIc/queen-beatrix-abdicates-dutch-throne-to-crown-prince-willem-alexander-live-coverage Queen Beatrix abdicates Dutch throne to Crown-Prince Willem-Alexander - live coverage
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/A5WCMgGK9zw/obama-putin-call-syria-chemical-weapons-live Syria crisis: new Damascus bomb attack - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kUcG6x9yBcM/six-plead-guilty-plot-edl Six plead guilty to plotting attack on English Defence League
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/FhRb4qFsAU0/israeli-air-strike-kills-gaza-motorcyclist Israeli air strike kills Gaza motorcyclist
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/F7wPpM5hCR4/mexican-official-daughter-restaurant-table Mexican official's daughter tries to shut down restaurant after row over table
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/XkBcxRt8-T4/ukip-nigel-farage-teething-problems Ukip's Nigel Farage admits 'teething problems' with candidates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/NSP4NtpBZ4I/irish-government-abortion-bill Irish government expected to support abortion bill
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/B22Cs9bYxl4/amanda-knox-what-happened-me Amanda Knox: what happened to me could have happened to anyone
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/d9YucHtvKdo/lloyds-profit-rise-bad-debts-fall Lloyds profits surge to £2bn as bad debts fall
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nU3vZ5TvO8g/community-resolution-violent-crime-guidelines Ten thousand violent crime cases dealt with by 'community resolution' methods
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/g33IbOQIoqM/palestinian-kills-israeli-settler Palestinian kills Israeli settler in West Bank
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GE7OqO0pQaw/prison-uniforms-perks-chris-grayling Prison perks: inmates must wear uniforms as Grayling cracks down
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pfpS9mDHUXE/cia-mi6-afghan-corruption Ghost money from MI6 and CIA may fuel Afghan corruption, say diplomats
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/SM198q88TQw/dappy-court-appeal-conviction Dappy in court to appeal against assault conviction
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/j7gBXqpAk0w/amsterdam-dutch-crown-prince-willem-alexander Amsterdam A Dutch king on Queen's day: Amsterdam prepares for inauguration party to party as Dutch crown prince is inaugurated
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/orob72s4i_0/gene-therapy-trials-heart-patients Pioneering gene therapy trials offer hope for heart patients
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2SKV1KQNvMs/primark-compensation-bangladesh-factory-collapse Retailers compensate Dhaka victims
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/LlKCdNrJ2HM/evo-morales-bolivia-court-ruling Evo Morales to seek second re-election in Boliva after court ruling
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pRWzTFgYvhU/mandela-frail-footage-anc ANC criticised over Nelson Mandela video
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1Wg7dpsC8zk/shingles-vaccination-over-70s Shingles vaccination to be offered to over-70s
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/O1McJBnzxq8/michael-jackson-trial-aeg-live-opening-statements Jury in Michael Jackson trial hears concert promoter ignored 'red flags'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ozv0D73QoGk/nelson-mandela-frail-video-zuma-visit Nelson Mandela looking frail in news video at anti-apartheid hero's home
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8Awk8rZb1jw/miliband-vat-borrowing-admission Ed Miliband flustered over VAT plans
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/g2NMk2x7FL8/sweetheart-tax-deals Revealed: 'Sweetheart' tax deals each worth over £1bn
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HJW5HSVoOh0/real-madrid-borussia-dortmund-live Real Madrid v Borussia Dortmund – live! | Paul Doyle
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kzGEVJANibk/april-jones-trial-mark-bridger April Jones's blood and child's bones found at home of accused, court told
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/gTTga8S7oUo/cyprus-parliament-bailout-deal-passed Cyprus parliament votes to accept controversial €10bn EU-IMF bailout
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Zxdik0P6WwI/amanda-knox-memoir-waiting-heard Amanda Knox: I went to jail naive and came out an introspective woman
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/JqQoXZaRT-E/obama-guantanamo-hunger-strike-worsens Obama: Guantánamo prison 'not in the best interests of the American people'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/dWId_wi9CBk/health-budget-safe-jeremy-hunt Jeremy Hunt insists health budget is safe
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8YE9RmaI05s/ed-miliband-misjudgment-interview Ed Miliband admits misjudgment in World at One interview
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/eo-EYnIntlE/everest-climbers-sherpa-mob-attack Everest climbers abandon ascent after attack by scores of angry Sherpas
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kidINR1ItxY/eurozone-unemployment-record-high Eurozone unemployment hits new high
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PeWbZ8TUyPw/post-office-strike-may Post Office workers announce new strike over plan to close 70 branches
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/G4r8hrSROxI/ukip-sushil-patel-candidate Ukip, Sushil Patel and the candidate who temporarily wasn't
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/-sExhaS3a7g/obama-syria-chemical-weapons-assad Obama edges closer to action over use of chemical weapons in Syria
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/DTUHXTshWP8/reginald-d-hunter-pfa-awards Why was Reginald D Hunter ever booked for the PFA awards dinner? | Ava Vidal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PT-m5zctgkk/israel-assassinates-palestinian-gaza-settler-killed Israel assassinates Palestinian 'bomb-maker' as Jewish settler knifed to death
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GvBiZA8cxVU/dutch-prince-king-beatrix-abdicates Dutch prince becomes king as as his mother Queen Beatrix abdicates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0VZPBxUX06I/venezuela-may-day-rallies Venezuela braces for May Day rallies
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1SyLMGxauoI/south-africa-aid-cut-uk South Africa warns aid cut means change in relationship with UK
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/X3kkSc6n3OA/george-osborne-bank-england-recovery George Osborne warns Bank of England over economic recovery plans
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PVQsgtesk8Q/barack-obama-press-conference-live Barack Obama: Guantánamo inmates can't remain in legal limbo – as it happened
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3ir81FqSKg8/game-of-thrones-how-speak-dothraki-video Game of Thrones: how to speak Dothraki – video
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/_wMLqPcoZsw/prestatyn-woman-guilty-pushchair-blaze-murders Prestatyn woman found guilty of pushchair blaze murders
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Hplpl8hKDIQ/inquest-essex-hotel-pool-deaths Inquest into Essex hotel pool deaths opens
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/X4zit2IGgQA/wpp-sorrell-pay-cut WPP's Sorrell takes £150,000 pay cut after receiving nearly £18m last year
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3bGlH8QuLtM/raped-five-year-old-indian-dies Raped five-year-old Indian girl dies
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/r91MHVMDJwE/eurozone-crisis-austerity-may-day-letta May Day protests and Greek strikes - Eurozone crisis live
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OenDVq7N0sk/david-cameron-local-elections-live-blog David Cameron interviewed on ITV's Daybreak: Politics live blog
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/NtJqbPO3ins/syria-crisis-let-un-search-for-chemical-weapons-says-opposition-live-updates Syria crisis: Let UN search for chemical weapons, says opposition – live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/sP3EgKH-G9g/afghanistan-bomb-kills-three-british-soldiers Afghanistan roadside bomb kills three British soldiers
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/JqQoXZaRT-E/obama-guantanamo-hunger-strike-worsens Guantánamo 'not in the best interests of the American people', says Obama
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/FzetJ9bzU7E/briton-dies-arctic-expedition-greenland Briton dies during Arctic expedition in Greenland
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/trBcVZY7VkA/amanda-knox-tv-interview-kercher Amanda Knox uses TV interview to appeal to Meredith Kercher's family
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/mQ8g3j2Hoz0/afghan-blast-kills-british-troops Afghan blast kills British troops
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YMmHQo1L2xo/brawl-erupts-venezuelan-parliament Brawl erupts in Venezuelan parliament
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/xyhD9FPg7UI/search-called-off-british-yachtsman Searched called off for UK yachtsman
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/4NlyD4wnMZI/michael-jackson-trial-darkest-secrets Michael Jackson trial: defence warns jury of singer's 'darkest secrets'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/F8pg7f2ds_0/limited-abortion-rights-ireland Limited abortion rights introduced in historic Irish legislation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VdDNPQLqgus/star-trek-into-darkness Star Trek Into Darkness – review
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PHNMHEDMHOM/scottish-independence-hampered-policy-gaps Scottish independence quest hampered by policy gaps, MPs say
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2uF_W_DG0Zc/breast-implants-cancer-study Breast implants may harm breast cancer survival chances, study finds
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7ZrBXVd4268/overseas-child-abductions-rise Overseas child abductions on the rise
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0agb4eKvZOk/hezbollah-syria-uprising-nasrallah Hezbollah is helping Assad fight Syria uprising, says Hassan Nasrallah
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/RZaNf_8Cxy8/ministry-defence-overseas-aid-patrols Ministry of Defence campaigns for overseas aid to pay for military patrols
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2RrgIZz_0So/real-madrid-borussia-dormund-champions-league Real Madrid 2-0 Borussia Dortmund | Champions League semi-final, second leg match report
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/N50V_VRj3MU/police-defend-gps-locator-dementia Police defend plan to use GPS locators to find missing people with dementia
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ckQXBQK2efc/april-jones-mark-bridger-child-porn April Jones trial: Mark Bridger 'looked at child porn before snatching girl'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/RzdIgV6OhWA/coronation-street-bill-roache-rape Bill Roache arrested on suspicion of raping girl in 1967
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/cFIFev9WXB4/google-parliament-tax-questions Google ordered back to parliament to answer tax questions
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3-eUwnWWuBw/april-jones-murder-trial-in-tweets April Jones murder trial - in tweets
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Wpdy3_VAKiQ/government-pollution-supreme-court UK government failing legal duty on air pollution, supreme court rules
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/gaRgrkhFLZo/tories-coherent-stance-ukip-threat Tories struggle to maintain coherent stance over Ukip threat
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OenDVq7N0sk/david-cameron-local-elections-live-blog Local elections 2013: Politics live blog
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/MzAgV8ClHjo/bangladesh-workers-protest-may-day-building-collapse Bangladesh workers protest as building collapse death toll passes 400
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YMmHQo1L2xo/brawl-erupts-venezuelan-parliament Rolling fistfight erupts in Venezuelan parliament over disputed election
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/g0O67HQ2T-w/william-hague-aid-south-africa William Hague accuses South Africa of 'bureaucratic confusion' over aid row
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/sP3EgKH-G9g/afghanistan-bomb-kills-three-british-soldiers Three British soldiers killed by roadside bomb in Helmand
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/CMaH5qybMys/scientists-concerned-h7n9-bird-flu-outbreak Scientists concerned at H7N9 bird flu outbreak that has killed 24 people
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ZPOTi4QHwWI/sas-sniper-retrial-pistol SAS sniper Danny Nightingale faces retrial over illegally possessing pistol
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/t-4mSAZulYI/cameron-defends-downing-street-appointments David Cameron defends choice of fellow Old Etonian for No 10 policy unit
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/sRcgmfHXxmA/afghanistan-bombs-look-vehicles Afghanistan bomb: UK to 'look carefully' at use of vehicles
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HvgjGmGTvWs/april-jones-trial-mark-bridger-body April Jones trial: Mark Bridger 'couldn't recall' what he'd done with her body
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Q5qnnfLqGCc/bangladesh-factory-pope-slave-labour Bangladesh factory collapse: pope condemns 'slave labour' conditions
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/cFIFev9WXB4/google-parliament-tax-questions Google and auditor recalled by MPs to answer tax questions
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/g0O67HQ2T-w/william-hague-aid-south-africa Hague accuses South Africa of 'bureaucratic confusion' over aid cut
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/s2s8pOXw3TI/waiting-heard-amanda-knox-review Waiting to be Heard: A Memoir by Amanda Knox – review
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/XyVN_yZIEFw/airbus-forced-landing-bermuda Airbus makes forced landing in Bermuda
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/N8lkJZOyr6s/british-man-dies-greenland-arctic British man dies in Greenland during Arctic expedition
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/N50V_VRj3MU/police-defend-gps-locator-dementia Police defend use of GPS locators to find dementia patients who wander off
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/U9PP3KcskrY/barcelona-bayern-munich-champions-league Barcelona 0-3 Bayern Munich | Champions League semi-final second leg match report
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/LrE7vxVLB4s/barcelona-bayern-munich-live-mbm-report Barcelona v Bayern Munich – as it happened | Scott Murray
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OsRNywP4rn8/prince-charles-intestate-cash-cornwall Prince Charles uses 'intestate' cash in Cornwall to fund his own charities
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GGz3pkqa02Q/dzhokhar-tsarnaev-friends-cover-up-boston-bombings Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's friends charged with cover-up in wake of Boston bombs
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/f6iCMGzuBqw/little-used-train-stations The station with 14 passengers a year
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Cib8GDxSwT4/clegg-ukip-tories-right Ukip is dragging David Cameron to the right, says Nick Clegg
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hyVc1JPrXus/bill-roache-charged-rape-1967 Bill Roache charged with rape of 15-year-old in 1967
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7lK77QD392U/federal-reserve-congress-cuts-policy Federal Reserve blames Congress sequester cuts for US economic woes
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YfG4KDyU-wc/mark-bridger-april-jones Mark Bridger told police: 'If I knew where April Jones was I'd tell parents'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/aaMrb_PopxY/benefit-cap-eviction-threat Benefits cap leads to eviction notices in trial area
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/bjffcdAmjJw/hospital-stops-surgery-children Surrey hospital ceases surgery on children
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/XfYeGif0Rbw/golden-dawn-food-rally-athens Golden Dawn food rally raises tensions in Athens
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YU3cnfjNmeY/guantanamo-bay-chief-prosecutor-obama-petition Former Guantánamo chief prosecutor petitions Obama to close prison camp
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/T6_YqQuKlrY/scientists-ageing-process Scientists find key to ageing process in hypothalamus
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/6U29LG_nqKY/mayday-protests-bangladesh-europe-austerity May Day protests draw thousands of workers across Europe and Asia
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GO-IZ6Y-lwA/boston-police-three-arrests-investigation Boston police announce three arrests in marathon bombing investigation
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/r91MHVMDJwE/eurozone-crisis-austerity-may-day-letta May Day rallies across Europe as Greek workers strike - as it happened
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pD_vVMxsVkI/syria-crisis-us-moving-towards-arming-rebels-live Syria crisis: 'Government troops advance on Homs' - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/mcEyy7iwu_g/eurozone-interest-rates-ecb Eurozone interest rates cut to 0.5%
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IWGE-n0IAHA/eurozone-crisis-european-central-bank-rates Eurozone crisis live: European Central Bank cut interest rates to new record low
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/gD6lqrvH4j0/tax-chief-bank-goldman-sachs Tax chief waived £20m owed by bank 'for fear of embarrassing chancellor'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QEGmLWhPSL0/interest-only-mortgages-storing-up-trouble City regulator warns homeowners over interest-only mortgages
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Jv4-NwGMCmA/stuart-hall-admits-sexual-abuse-girls Stuart Hall admits to sexual abuse of girls
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/DuEnLSBdano/bank-holiday-weekend-weather Bank holiday weekend weather set to be mainly dry and sunny
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/3mfK-gxodQo/fake-bomb-detector-conman-jailed Fake bomb detector conman jailed for 10 years
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/QsW46kFnkhk/north-korea-kenneth-bae-hard-labour North Korea sentences US citizen to 15 years' hard labour for 'hostile acts'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/BKB2veJXG1o/27-common-scams-to-avoid 27 common scams to avoid
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/s2KrrPfYQeQ/bbc-bullies BBC bullies 'creating climate of anxiety and fear'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kH8clziLGlU/jamestown-cannibals-skull-excavated Jamestown colony: excavated skull proves settlers turned to cannibalism
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7w4Y-A33Z18/sun-refuses-back-party-local-elections Sun refuses to back any party in local elections
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/f6iCMGzuBqw/little-used-train-stations Teesside Airport: the railway station with 14 passengers a year
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hyVc1JPrXus/bill-roache-charged-rape-1967 Coronation Street's Bill Roache charged with rape of 15-year-old in 1967
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/GGz3pkqa02Q/dzhokhar-tsarnaev-friends-cover-up-boston-bombings Boston bombing: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's college friends charged with cover-up
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/yXJ_TNvWm38/kenneth-bae-north-korea-sentences North Korea sentences Kenneth Bae to 15 years' hard labour for unspecified crimes
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/T_x9cmpw7Ho/south-korean-spies-australian-trade South Korean spies sought Australian trade secrets
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/RcK1xJbQpgo/older-disabled-people-put-off-energy-efficiency Older and disabled people 'put off' energy efficiency schemes
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/yRO-2aQneww/nudge-unit-has-it-worked The nudge unit – has it worked so far?
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/MyU9DGhFEcM/chad-coup-foiled-government Chad coup foiled, says government
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/It4wUwzw0Ao/fda-appeal-morning-after-pill FDA files appeal over Plan B morning-after pill decision
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2y4HbFnCwd8/tax-haven-strategy-george-osborne George Osborne claims progress in tax haven plan
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/bJD7nUKPAcs/images-inside-mark-bridgers-home Police release images of inside of Mark Bridger's home
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HDtwiOv4epI/us-drone-strikes-guantanamo US drone strikes being used as alternative to Guantánamo, lawyer says
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/dqbcxl1L2xQ/coronation-street-bill-roache-astounded Bill Roache 'astounded' and 'deeply horrified' by rape allegations
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/poYZH35g78g/birmingham-murder-racially-motivated-police Birmingham murder may have been racially motivated, say police
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/YzMZO7nEn_A/somalia-famine-worst-25-years Somalia famine in 2010-12 'worst in past 25 years'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PazKubIiVE0/april-jones-jury-field-trip April Jones jury takes field trip to scenes connected with case
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/HHx7-Mnh-6Q/uk-underwater-drones-gulf-exercise UK sends underwater drones to Gulf for anti-mines exercise
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/kqKtnBxKc2o/eurozone-crisis-ecb-rates-nonfarm-payroll EC cuts eurozone growth forecasts and urges UK not to relax fiscal policy - live
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/-vhasUceJiw/china-arrests-fake-meat-scandal China arrests 900 in fake meat scandal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/De32gzSlSVk/syria-crisis-us-admits-arming-rebels-is-option Syria crisis: US admits arming rebels is 'an option' - live updates
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ot5ePcB9Sl0/fiona-anderson-parents-children-buried Fiona Anderson's parents call for children to be buried with their mother
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pJC6OMsLDNk/nigel-farage-ukip-change-british-politics Nigel Farage: Ukip will change face of British politics like SDP
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VraM7o8huHs/bangladesh-engineer-arrested-factory-building-collapse Bangladesh factory building collapse death toll exceeds 500
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nu9omhhEdnc/benazir-bhutto-prosecutor-shot-dead Bhutto murder: Musharraf chief prosecutor shot dead in Islamabad
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/t-xPaJHVfto/children-10-saving-university Children of 10 are 'saving for university'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9oY-X4g_Zi8/somali-pirate-hijacking No Somali pirate hijacking in nearly a year, says UN
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/WhgdiWPPxiU/rbs-sell-taxpayer-stake-bailed-out-bank-profits RBS signals government could sell taxpayer stake next year
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9U4Ib2fkIfo/boston-suspects-independence-day-bombing Boston suspects planned Independence Day bombing, say authorities
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/nEbuzCZaWtI/ukip-gains-local-elections Ukip makes huge gains in local government elections
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/fYvuF2Wvn44/stuart-hall-sex-offender Stuart Hall: 'Opportunistic predator' led secret life as serial sex offender
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/50WOgvMueOg/south-shields-byelection-labour-ukip South Shields byelection: Labour holds off Ukip surge
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ZMTINbFL9yM/local-elections-2013-live-coverage Local elections 2013/South Shields byelection – as it happened
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/KlYx4-NYwII/south-shields-byelection-ukip-labour South Shields byelection: Labour retain seat as Ukip finish second
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/gx6vO3LsWCg/barack-obama-business-mexican-president Barack Obama discusses business and the drug war with Mexican president
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ywLUooLgNZ8/us-reconsiders-arming-syrian-rebels US reconsiders its opposition to arming Syrian rebels
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ve3XA9kMN5g/force-feeding-guantanamo-bay-obama Force-feeding at Guantánamo Bay puts pressure on Obama to close prison
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1Yk4VXALbrM/bbc-fear-bullies-sexual-harassment BBC's climate of fear let bullies thrive, report into sexual harassment finds
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9QSjnNyZ7Zo/breast-cancer-increase-younger-women Breast cancer rates increase among younger women
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/83YIbHTn-Bo/belize-gay-rights-supreme-court Belize gay rights activist in court battle to end homophobic colonial-era laws
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/_eNcDcmNfjA/mount-alvernia-private-hospital Surgeons at Mount Alvernia private hospital 'broke rules and ignored critics'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Pnn5USMzLhE/chelsea-basel-europa-league-report Chelsea 3-1 Basel (agg 5-2) | Europa League semi-final second leg match report
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/NEWXJ5tqKdQ/chelsea-basel-live-mbm-europa-league Chelsea v Basel – as it happened | Rob Bagchi
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/doo1B9b12oI/imran-khan-pakistan-voters Imran Khan reaches out to young voters with 'third-way' in Pakistan's general election
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/t1VnaBdUBVk/china-meat-offence-rat-mutton Chinese shocked by rat dressed as mutton
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/Q5TlYNT9oDw/privy-council-delay-royal-charter Royal Charter for press regulation is delayed
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/L6KuNJXWQeE/david-cameron-tories-supporters-ukip David Cameron: Tories will work hard to win back supporters from Ukip
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/CvfBoSMgw6g/markets-soar-us-unemployment-low Markets soar as US unemployment hits lowest level since 2008
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/diWCV2X0RJ4/hanif-kureishi-victim-suspected-fraud Author Hanif Kureishi loses life savings to suspected fraud
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/b7gP7yDHZvQ/waitrose-sales-avoiding-horsemeat-scandal Waitrose reports sales surge after avoiding horsemeat scandal
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/5cCynykjW5g/mark-bridger-april-jones-facebook Mark Bridger approached April Jones's sister on Facebook, court hears
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0TCEAq6jfkE/stuart-hall-bbc-compensation-claims Stuart Hall and BBC face compensation claims after sexual abuse case
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/uSSUYR6Vs3U/what-makes-great-gatsby What makes The Great Gatsby great?
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9nNTpl_x4w8/syria-opposition-50-killed-massacre Syrian National Coalition claims 50 killed in new massacre
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/lVhqZ1mFCcM/scottish-court-battle-minimum-alcohol-pricing Scottish ministers win court battle over minimum alcohol pricing
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/AYr3TBJzZN8/ireland-pro-choice-campaign-risk-prison Ireland's pro-choice activists risk prison with mass leafleting campaign
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/a_oBpU1F5ek/bbc-newsnight-editor-savile-scandal Former BBC Newsnight editor tipped to return in bid to boost show after Savile
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/7pUOsqbcF0o/bangladesh-finance-minister-factory-collapse Bangladeshi finance minister plays down impact of Dhaka factory collapse
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qOxy49Xp0Is/motorist-kills-second-cyclist-edinburgh Motorist given community sentence for causing death of second cyclist
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/b1ZgpFv84Qw/ukip-success-cameron-show-respect Ukip success prompts Cameron to reach out and 'show respect'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/KLy1VpydOqg/natalie-coleman-masterchef-scotch-egg Natalie Coleman: 'I can't believe I won MasterChef with a scotch egg'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/VdtMnywmcs8/riots-good-samaritan-libel-payout Riots Good Samaritan wins poster libel payout from Met police
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/8j2g4_8vqNw/1m-safe-crack-belgium-town €1m safe cracking leaves Belgium town bitter and suspicious
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9AJkAlBtNGw/chris-kelly-kriss-kross-cocaine-heroin Chris Kelly of Kriss Kross took cocaine and heroin before death, mother says
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/zVmATK81Tfw/kenyan-president-kenyatta-talks-london Kenyan president Kenyatta to join Somalia talks in London
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/JFybYK6UpkI/uk-hotter-mallorca-bank-holiday UK to be hotter than Mallorca over bank holiday weekend
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/i0hSZnaEnN4/italian-women-power-new-prime-minister Italian women rise to positions of power under new prime minister
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/mnktV1x9480/nhs-helpline-failings-sui-111 Fears patients may have suffered harm or died due to NHS helpline failings
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/IFQeQ5Gg4Pg/stuart-hall-home Stuart Hall put home in wife's name 'to avoid payouts to victims'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/R2RepxsM5hg/republican-friends-nra-convention Republican friends dominate opening day of NRA convention
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/jne6-wNVUUE/brain-enhancing-drugs-mj-hyland The drugs do work: my life on brain enhancers
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/SVMV6p0AzIY/barack-obama-mexico-enrique-pena-nieto Barack Obama calls for 'new realities' and improved US-Mexico relations
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/iSr85s_t1BA/israel-syria-weapons-lebanon Israeli warplanes bomb Syrian weapons convoy to Lebanon, say officials
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/BupsryKq7qM/security-alert-war-in-cyberspace Security alert: notes from the frontline of the war in cyberspace
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qDVfs6yp-fw/nate-silver-prediction-important-tool Nate Silver: 'Prediction is a really important tool, it's not a game'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/PuVmN0BUMpw/harper-lee-kill-mockingbird-copyright Harper Lee sues agent over To Kill a Mockingbird copyright
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/uVyL8M-6hPI/tories-eu-referendum-theresa-may Tories must convince voters there will be EU referendum, warns Theresa May
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/h3N26ncGOZo/apple-product-cheaper-iphone Odds shorten that next Apple product will be cheaper iPhone
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/C-aHuGP1mEo/liverpool-everton-merseyside-derby-live-mbm Liverpool v Everton – live! | Rob Bagchi
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1ySaMt4AEzs/bbc-stuart-hall-jimmy-savile-review BBC to investigate Stuart Hall abuse as part of Jimmy Savile review
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/9nsPkL0rjsw/bank-holiday-monday-hottest-day Bank holiday Monday could be hottest day of year so far
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/vDYpzobFZko/ukip-earthquake-european-elections-farage Ukip will cause political earthquake in European elections, says Nigel Farage
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/wJ-NWSXCG_c/nigel-evans-complaints-completely-false Nigel Evans: complaints against me are completely false
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/mhJ0jYnavhM/bangladesh-factory-collapse-death-toll Bangladesh factory collapse death toll reaches 580
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/hlw6FdydC3g/israel-more-air-strikes-syria Israel carries out second air strike in Syria
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/2qg957STgKs/nigel-evans-arrested-sex-assault-claims Tory MP Nigel Evans arrested after sex assault claims by two men
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/lZOCZanhP8E/olivia-colman-asking-broadchurch-killer Olivia Colman: 'People kept asking me who the Broadchurch killer was'
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/MjAGbp6d3IA/uk-tropical-disease-malaria-threat Climate changes could bring malaria to the UK
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/jb2_Jod6Kok/harper-lee-sues-agent-copyright Harper Lee sues agent over copyright to To Kill A Mockingbird
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/ep5k3oLLzHc/cigarette-lobby-plain-packs No 10 accused of 'caving in' to cigarette lobby as plain packs put on hold
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/OdOblqQoUAc/william-hague-guantanamo-inmate William Hague may plead for the last British-resident Guantánamo inmate
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/q-iaOPfDCfU/bbc-scandals-stuart-hall What the BBC can learn from scandal of Stuart Hall and the dark side of fame
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/n5T6rhnJ6vc/un-syria-duty-to-intervene Yes, the UN has a duty to intervene. But when, where and how?
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/xGEUchLM5Q4/vince-cable-rbs-break-up Vince Cable: Consider RBS break-up to increase banking competition
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/pUVICK3VD3o/george-osborne-imf-economic-policy George Osborne to tell IMF that austerity U-turn would do damage
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/i_ACX1dP45s/philip-french-favourite-films-in-pictures Philip French's favourite movies - in pictures
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0LIKPy2lCSY/tories-europe-vote-nigel-farage Tories call for rapid Europe vote to halt Nigel Farage surge
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/84xZEt0w6PI/nigel-evans-arrested-suspicion-rape Nigel Evans – deputy speaker and Tory MP – arrested on suspicion of rape
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/1ngjjIfZ_ng/niall-ferguson-apologises-gay-keynes Niall Ferguson apologises for remarks about 'gay and childless' Keynes
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/dG3E2P5AZ1I/bank-holiday-weather-rain-travel Sunshine, warm weather, hay fever alerts … can this really be a bank holiday weekend?
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/qcYwtl6pme0/pakistan-women-right-to-vote Pakistan's women face battle for the right to vote
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/0A-_ozwMFBs/bangladesh-factory-collapse-owners-gun Bangladesh factory collapse: rescuers find owner's gun as death toll hits 550
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/~r/theguardian/rss/~3/g9TDotczmbQ/denmark-nurses-addicts-inject Inside Denmark's 'fixing rooms', where nurses watch as addicts inject in safety
