http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/five-youths-arrested-following-m4-chase-1.1369943 Five youths arrested following M4 chase   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/parents-teachers-publish-proposals-crucial-to-second-level-schools-for-next-15-years-1.1369859 Parents, teachers publish proposals ‘crucial’ to second-level schools for next 15 years   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crowds-flock-to-punchestown-for-annual-racing-festival-1.1369868 Crowds flock to Punchestown for annual racing festival   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/do-you-love-us-ireland-do-you-love-women-1.1369842 Do you love us, Ireland? Do you love women?   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/rugby-robots-battle-it-out-in-belfield-1.1369784 Rugby robots battle it out in Belfield	   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/next-apology-will-be-to-asylum-seeker-children-warns-former-judge-1.1369862 Next apology will be to asylum seeker children, warns former judge   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/judge-urges-legal-teams-to-allow-dangerous-driving-trial-to-proceed-1.1369744 Judge urges legal teams to allow dangerous driving  trial to proceed   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/study-finds-shocking-level-of-alcohol-related-harm-1.1369738 Study finds ‘shocking’ level of alcohol-related harm    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/supreme-court-hears-appeal-by-seanad-over-callely-challenge-1.1369723 Supreme Court hears appeal by Seanad over Callely challenge   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/government-asks-lrc-to-consult-with-unions-on-public-sector-cuts-1.1369681 Government asks LRC to consult with unions on public sector cuts  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/pair-arrested-after-cannabis-worth-400-000-seized-1.1369667 Pair arrested after cannabis worth €400,000 seized   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/two-held-after-armed-robbery-in-blanchardstown-1.1369659 Two held after armed robbery in Blanchardstown   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/cabinet-discusses-proposed-abortion-legislation-1.1369657 Cabinet discusses proposed abortion legislation    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/northern-ireland-schools-report-calls-for-greater-emphasis-on-shared-education-1.1369160 Northern Ireland schools report calls for greater emphasis on shared education   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/smartphone-app-monitors-breast-pain-1.1368954 Smartphone app monitors breast pain   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/inspection-finds-major-deficiencies-in-quality-procedures-at-blood-transfusion-service-1.1368945 Inspection finds major deficiencies in quality procedures at blood transfusion service   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/government-to-introduce-career-break-scheme-in-health-service-1.1368960 Government to introduce career break scheme in health service   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/medical-matters-lines-need-to-be-re-drawn-in-the-study-of-efficacy-and-safety-of-new-drugs-1.1368966 Medical Matters: Lines need to be re-drawn in the study of efficacy and safety of new drugs    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/driver-in-high-speed-crash-during-chase-jailed-for-four-years-1.1369140  Driver in high-speed crash during chase jailed for four years  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/religion-and-beliefs/dancing-on-margaret-thatcher-s-grave-crossed-the-line-of-human-decency-1.1368969 Dancing on Margaret Thatcher’s grave crossed the line of human decency   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/man-dies-in-swords-crash-1.1370791 Man dies in Swords crash   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/mullen-calls-on-minister-to-attend-seanad-to-discuss-plans-for-abortion-1.1370359 Mullen calls on Minister to attend Seanad to discuss plans for abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/ministerial-report-cards-will-not-be-published-says-taoiseach-1.1370354 Ministerial report cards will not be published, says Taoiseach   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/greener-and-leaner-eu-likely-to-cost-more-in-taxes-1.1369952 Greener and leaner EU likely to cost more in taxes   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/titanic-belfast-becomes-second-most-visited-tourist-attraction-on-island-of-ireland-1.1370127 Titanic Belfast becomes second most visited tourist attraction on island of Ireland   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/chief-suspect-for-shooting-dead-of-det-garda-adrian-donohoe-believed-to-have-fled-to-us-1.1370216 Chief suspect for shooting dead of Det Garda Adrian Donohoe believed to have fled to US   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/teen-girl-in-care-of-hse-to-continue-anti-psychotic-medication-despite-her-mother-s-objection-1.1370237 Teen girl in care of HSE to continue anti-psychotic medication despite her mother’s objection    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/kenny-rejects-call-for-fodder-task-force-1.1370072 Kenny rejects call for fodder task force   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/bill-on-abortion-may-not-be-passed-by-summer-1.1370337 Bill on abortion may not be passed by summer   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/irish-food-standards-agency-did-not-want-to-prosecute-beef-industry-over-horse-meat-scandal-inquiry-told-1.1370231 Irish food standards agency did not want to prosecute beef industry over horse-meat scandal,  inquiry told		   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/religion-and-beliefs/two-cloyne-schoolchildren-to-be-confirmed-by-pope-francis-in-rome-1.1370247 Two Cloyne schoolchildren to be confirmed by Pope Francis in Rome    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-appears-on-charges-relating-to-road-deaths-1.1370272 Man appears on charges relating to road deaths   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/men-s-sauna-club-owner-wins-unfair-dismissals-case-1.1370206 Men’s sauna club owner wins unfair dismissals case   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/guinness-sales-at-d%C3%A1il-bar-fall-in-2012-1.1370220 Guinness sales at Dáil bar fall in 2012   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/minister-for-finance-abstains-in-vote-on-bank-chief-s-pay-packet-1.1370332 Minister for Finance abstains in vote on bank chief’s pay packet   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/government-waits-for-union-response-to-overtures-1.1370307 Government waits for union response to overtures   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/spectacular-attack-on-oireachtas-committee-over-plan-to-sanction-russian-officials-1.1370210 ‘Spectacular attack’ on Oireachtas committee over plan to sanction Russian officials   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/public-sector-job-losses-could-be-alternative-to-pay-cuts-1.1370795 Public sector job losses could be alternative to pay cuts   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/no-let-up-for-cabinet-birthday-boys-1.1370290 No Let Up for Cabinet Birthday Boys   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/miche%C3%A1l-martin-correct-in-diagnosing-lack-of-political-focus-on-northern-ireland-1.1369905 Micheál Martin correct in diagnosing lack of political focus on Northern Ireland   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/inquest-hears-shopkeeper-was-fatally-shot-in-the-back-1.1371205 Inquest hears  shopkeeper was fatally shot in the back    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/government-publishes-positive-ageing-strategy-1.1371192 Government publishes ‘positive ageing’ strategy	   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/former-ff-senator-charged-with-demanding-100-000-with-menaces-1.1371182 Former FF senator charged with demanding €100,000  with menaces   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/courts-have-no-power-to-overturn-callely-findings-1.1371157 Courts have 'no power' to overturn Callely findings   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/rotunda-master-says-abortion-plan-is-totally-impractical-1.1371122 Rotunda master says abortion plan is ‘totally impractical’    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/three-arrested-after-west-cork-drugs-find-1.1370997 Three arrested after West Cork drugs find   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/five-held-over-fraudulent-motor-insurance-claims-1.1370901 Five held over fraudulent motor insurance claims   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/retired-bishop-criticised-over-handling-of-child-abuse-allegations-1.1370892 Retired bishop criticised over handling of child abuse allegations   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/kenny-expects-substantial-contribution-from-bankers-1.1370891 Kenny expects ‘substantial contribution’ from bankers   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/businessman-to-go-to-jail-for-contempt-1.1370860 Businessman to go to jail for contempt   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/supreme-court-to-give-verdict-in-right-to-die-case-next-week-1.1370854 Supreme Court to give verdict in right to die case next week   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/politicians-are-still-not-willing-to-take-the-hard-decisions-on-abortion-1.1370046 Politicians are still  not willing to take the hard decisions on abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/so-what-do-the-taoiseach-and-jean-paul-gaultier-have-in-common-1.1370846 So what do the Taoiseach and Jean Paul Gaultier have in common?   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/pain-related-sick-days-costing-economy-750m-1.1370822 Pain-related sick days costing economy €750m   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/chess-group-calls-meeting-over-cheating-allegation-1.1370812  Chess group calls  meeting over cheating allegation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/rabbitte-rules-out-compulsory-redundancies-in-public-sector-1.1370808 Rabbitte rules out compulsory redundancies in public sector   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-challenges-loss-of-jobseeker-pay-following-tv-broadcast-1.1371607 Man challenges loss of   jobseeker pay  following TV broadcast     
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/businessman-will-challenge-publication-of-names-on-insolvency-register-1.1371603 Businessman ’will challenge’ publication of names on insolvency register   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/fifteen-firms-banned-from-jobbridge-work-scheme-1.1371584 Fifteen firms banned from JobBridge work scheme    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/crouching-bird-hidden-dinosaur-1.1371495 Crouching bird, hidden dinosaur   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/animal-welfare-activists-protest-against-live-cattle-exports-1.1371482 Animal welfare activists protest against live cattle exports   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/government-urged-to-expedite-asylum-applications-1.1371461 Government urged to expedite asylum applications   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/bank-chief-boucher-earns-more-in-fortnight-than-average-nurse-in-year-1.1371451 Bank  chief Boucher earns ‘more in fortnight than average nurse in  year’   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/female-prisoner-26-died-from-suspected-overdose-1.1371370 Female prisoner (26) died from suspected overdose    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/schoolboy-denies-trying-to-kill-his-mother-1.1371304 Schoolboy denies  trying to kill his mother   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/cork-man-to-face-trial-over-kerry-airport-drugs-find-1.1371258 Cork man to face trial over Kerry Airport drugs find   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/bill-granting-amnesty-to-world-war-ii-deserters-passes-committee-stage-1.1371254 Bill granting amnesty to World War II ‘deserters’ passes committee stage   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/clogher-clerical-abuse-report-retired-bishop-accepts-criticism-over-handling-of-allegations-1.1370892 Clogher clerical abuse report: retired bishop accepts criticism over handling of  allegations   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/state-recoups-6-5m-through-cab-investigations-1.1373923 State recoups €6.5m through Cab investigations   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/high-court-to-hold-extra-sittings-during-vacation-period-1.1373915 High Court to hold extra sittings during vacation period   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/we-must-stop-blaming-systems-for-shameful-human-failures-1.1372962 We must stop blaming ‘systems’ for shameful human failures   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/woman-charged-with-impeding-murder-inquiry-1.1373718 Woman charged with impeding murder inquiry
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-charged-for-underground-growhouse-1.1373679 Man charged for underground growhouse   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-for-court-over-cannabis-find-1.1373672 Man for court over cannabis find   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/government-given-food-for-thought-over-banker-s-pay-1.1373667 Government given food for thought over banker’s pay   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/women-bearing-brunt-of-britain-s-economic-woes-1.1372956 Women bearing brunt of Britain’s economic woes   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/man-arrested-in-connection-with-the-theft-of-paintings-belonging-to-state-1.1373174 Man arrested in connection with the theft of paintings belonging to State   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/alliance-leader-david-ford-stands-down-as-church-elder-over-his-support-for-gay-marriage-1.1373121 Alliance leader David Ford stands down as church elder over his support for gay marriage   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/corporate-ireland-must-appreciate-the-benefits-of-greater-philanthropy-1.1372679 Corporate Ireland must appreciate the benefits of greater philanthropy   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/government-claims-progress-on-abortion-legislation-1.1372994 Government claims progress on abortion legislation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/irish-independent-confirms-plan-to-charge-for-online-access-1.1373156 ‘Irish Independent’ confirms plan to charge for online access   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/troika-demand-further-health-savings-1.1373132 Troika demand further health savings   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/protest-calls-for-reversal-of-student-teacher-ratio-increase-1.1372933 Protest calls for reversal of student-teacher ratio increase   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/external-candidates-dominate-shortlist-for-ucd-presidency-1.1373037 External candidates dominate shortlist for UCD presidency   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/kidney-dialysis-could-be-rationed-expert-1.1373169 Kidney dialysis could be rationed - expert   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/family-takes-case-over-refusal-to-recognise-daughter-s-adoption-1.1373054 Family takes case over refusal to recognise daughter’s adoption   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/public-service-pay-cuts-could-reduce-activity-in-economy-by-up-to-0-5-official-figures-show-1.1373117 Public service pay cuts could reduce activity in economy by up to 0.5%, official figures show    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/weather-no-dampener-of-happiness-study-1.1372910 Weather no dampener of happiness: study   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/fianna-f%C3%A1il-to-oppose-seanad-abolition-martin-tells-ardfheis-1.1374527 Fianna Fáil to oppose Seanad abolition, Martin tells ardfheis   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/women-airlifted-to-hospital-after-tipperary-crash-1.1374473 Women airlifted to hospital after Tipperary crash   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/rt%C3%A9-told-department-referendum-slogans-breached-law-1.1374413 RTÉ told Department referendum slogans breached  law   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/ff-leader-says-taoiseach-trying-to-shift-focus-from-performance-1.1374360 FF leader says Taoiseach trying to shift focus from performance   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/miriam-lord-s-week-1.1375350 Miriam Lord’s week   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/man-killed-in-tipperary-crash-1.1375336 Man killed in Tipperary crash   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/losing-patience-with-an-unhealthy-system-1.1374034 Losing patience with an unhealthy system   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/reams-of-raw-data-are-the-tools-of-transparency-1.1374261 Reams of raw data are the tools of transparency   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/high-courts-to-extend-sittings-into-summer-holidays-1.1374656  High Courts to extend  sittings into summer holidays   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/hospital-hygiene-standards-criticised-1.1374381 Hospital hygiene standards criticised   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/presidential-boundaries-1.1373763 Presidential boundaries   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/campaigning-teenager-to-donate-injury-award-to-sister-s-education-1.1374325 Campaigning teenager to donate injury award to sister’s education   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/haughey-did-not-want-political-status-for-ira-1.1374584 Haughey did not want political status for IRA   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/priority-must-be-given-to-protecting-life-of-the-mother-in-abortion-law-says-ff-leader-1.1374552 Priority must be given to protecting life of the mother in abortion law, says FF leader   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/margaret-thatcher-was-told-some-ira-leaders-wanted-violence-to-stop-in-1981-1.1374569 Margaret Thatcher was  told ‘some’ IRA leaders wanted violence to stop in 1981   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/evidence-showing-no-mental-health-benefit-to-abortion-cannot-be-ignored-1.1374415 Evidence showing ‘no mental health benefit to abortion’ cannot be ignored   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/hse-terminates-funding-for-patient-group-1.1374642 HSE terminates funding for patient group   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/big-data-is-watching-you-1.1374059 Big data is watching you   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/irish-obstetricians-have-heavier-workload-1.1374260 Irish obstetricians have heavier workload	   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/in-freewheeling-dublin-collective-seomra-spraoi-the-personable-is-political-1.1374410 In freewheeling Dublin collective Seomra Spraoi, the personable is political   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/out-in-the-wilds-a-welcome-road-to-nowhere-1.1373753 Out in the wilds: a welcome road to nowhere   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/key-to-fianna-f%C3%A1il-s-recovery-is-organisational-reform-1.1374283 Key to Fianna Fáil’s recovery is organisational reform   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/charities-to-review-deals-with-private-clothes-bank-operators-1.1374563  Charities to review deals with private clothes bank operators  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/countering-terrorism-solving-crime-the-value-of-digital-information-1.1374213 Countering terrorism, solving crime: the value of digital information   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/government-gives-unions-two-weeks-to-agree-deal-on-savings-1.1375418 Government gives unions two weeks to agree deal on savings   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/martin-accuses-coalition-of-divide-and-conquer-tactic-on-croke-park-deal-1.1375410 Martin accuses Coalition of ‘divide and conquer’ tactic on Croke Park deal   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/university-lecturers-vote-to-fight-any-pay-cuts-1.1375406 University lecturers vote to fight any pay cuts   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/restrictive-regime-on-abortion-will-be-agreed-by-government-rabbitte-says-1.1375399 ‘Restrictive regime’ on abortion will be agreed by Government, Rabbitte says   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/unemployment-crisis-needs-same-resolve-ff-gave-peace-process-1.1375393 Unemployment crisis needs 'same resolve' FF gave peace process    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/ff-delegates-reject-motion-to-abolish-property-tax-1.1375390 FF delegates reject motion to abolish property tax   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/call-for-morning-after-pill-to-be-made-available-to-medical-card-holders-1.1375385 Call for morning after pill to be made available to medical card holders   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/second-day-of-fianna-f%C3%A1il-ardfheis-underway-1.1375366 Second day of Fianna Fáil ardfheis underway    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/four-held-over-dublin-cash-in-transit-robbery-1.1375494 Four held over Dublin cash in transit robbery   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/proposal-for-an-anglophone-europe-lost-in-translation-1.1374330  Proposal for an Anglophone Europe lost in translation  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/posturing-shows-coalition-nerves-are-beginning-to-fray-1.1374095 Posturing shows Coalition nerves are beginning to fray   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/taoiseach-to-hold-meeting-with-spanish-prime-minister-1.1375469  Taoiseach to hold meeting with Spanish prime minister    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/martin-signals-shift-in-fianna-f%C3%A1il-position-on-austerity-1.1375454 Martin signals shift in Fianna Fáil position on austerity    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/delegates-affirm-fianna-f%C3%A1il-status-as-pro-life-party-1.1375441 Delegates affirm Fianna Fáil status as ‘pro-life’ party   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/parties-dismiss-significance-of-recording-involving-labour-tds-1.1375504 Parties dismiss significance of recording involving Labour TDs    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/religion-and-beliefs/irish-children-confirmed-by-pope-francis-1.1375497 Irish children confirmed by Pope Francis   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/minister-hopeful-progress-will-be-made-with-unions-1.1375554 Minister ‘hopeful’ progress will be made with unions    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/charity-claims-failure-of-protection-over-junk-food-adverts-1.1376361 Charity claims failure of protection over junk food adverts   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/consumer/pricewatch-readers-queries-1.1373989 Pricewatch: Readers’ queries    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/consumer/paying-by-instalments-is-a-poor-alternative-1.1373963 Paying by instalments is a poor alternative    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/supreme-court-to-rule-today-on-marie-fleming-case-1.1376352 Supreme Court to rule today on Marie Fleming case   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/garda%C3%AD-to-urge-stronger-say-on-pay-at-annual-conference-1.1376349 Gardaí to urge stronger say  on pay at annual conference   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/fianna-f%C3%A1il-s-1-2m-debt-will-be-paid-by-2015-1.1375865 Fianna Fáil’s €1.2m debt will be paid by 2015   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/kenny-and-rajoy-urge-eu-leaders-over-debt-1.1375859 Kenny and Rajoy urge EU leaders over debt   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/the-other-side-of-the-loyalty-card-why-retailers-track-your-every-purchase-1.1375763 The other side of the loyalty card: why retailers track your every purchase   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/extending-jury-service-to-non-citizens-would-strengthen-justice-system-1.1374178 Extending jury service to non-citizens would strengthen justice system   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/technology/government-starting-to-open-its-eyes-on-transparency-1.1375780 Government starting to open its eyes on transparency   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/european-court-upholds-ban-on-paid-political-advertising-1.1374173 European court upholds ban on paid political advertising   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/ff-says-no-to-property-tax-1.1375771 FF says no to property tax   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/russian-blackmailing-of-ireland-unacceptable-says-eu-group-leader-1.1375760 Russian ‘blackmailing’ of Ireland ‘unacceptable’, says EU group leader   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/fianna-f%C3%A1il-distances-itself-from-austerity-1.1375751 Fianna Fáil distances itself from austerity   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/university-teachers-to-withdraw-croke-park-concessions-if-pay-cuts-are-introduced-1.1375754 University teachers to withdraw Croke Park `concessions’  if pay cuts are introduced   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/positive-ageing-1.1375530 Positive ageing   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/thatcher-papers-disclose-efforts-to-resolve-1981-hunger-strikes-1.1375870 Thatcher papers disclose efforts to resolve 1981 hunger strikes   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/travellers-hit-hardest-by-cuts-in-state-funding-1.1375757 Travellers hit hardest by cuts in State funding   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/religion-and-beliefs/archdeacon-declines-appointment-as-bishop-of-meath-and-kildare-1.1375817  Archdeacon declines appointment as bishop of Meath and Kildare  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/polish-government-honours-irish-academic-1.1375768 Polish government honours Irish academic   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/closing-arguments-start-in-long-running-case-against-doctor-1.1376544 Closing arguments start in long-running case against doctor   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/consumer/visitor-numbers-up-by-7-4-per-cent-1.1376540 Visitor numbers up by  7.4 per cent   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/keith-hanley-wins-the-voice-of-ireland-1.1376535 Keith Hanley wins The Voice of Ireland    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/have-your-say-about-science-1.1376495 Have your say about science   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/almost-29-000-farm-animals-died-in-north-cold-snap-1.1376470 Almost 29,000 farm animals died in North cold snap   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/marie-fleming-partner-says-he-would-be-willing-to-help-her-die-1.1376452 Marie Fleming partner says he would be willing to help her die
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/ecological-ponzi-scheme-ignores-natural-capital-1.1375565 Ecological Ponzi scheme ignores natural capital   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/t%C3%A1naiste-to-test-north-s-political-waters-1.1376501 Tánaiste to test North’s political waters    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/former-donegal-td-harry-blaney-dies-1.1376375 Former Donegal TD Harry Blaney dies   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/how-making-sense-of-big-data-could-create-jobs-in-ireland-1.1376372 How making sense of big data could create jobs in Ireland    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/fg-deputy-willing-to-lose-whip-over-proposed-abortion-law-1.1376370  FG deputy willing to lose whip over proposed abortion law    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/garda%C3%AD-free-pair-detained-after-dublin-armed-robbery-1.1376483 Gardaí free pair detained after Dublin armed robbery   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/marie-fleming-appeal-on-assisted-suicide-rejected-1.1376352 Marie Fleming    appeal on  assisted suicide rejected   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/education/irish-have-more-degrees-than-rest-of-eu-survey-1.1376652 Irish have more degrees than rest of EU - survey   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/have-you-seen-a-fox-maybe-you-can-help-1.1376587 Have you seen a fox? Maybe you can help   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/t%C3%A1naiste-says-government-to-sign-off-on-draft-abortion-law-tomorrow-1.1376370 Tánaiste says Government to sign off on draft abortion law tomorrow    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/taoiseach-hopeful-of-abortion-bill-agreement-today-1.1377589 Taoiseach hopeful of abortion Bill agreement today   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/garda-commissioner-rejects-gra-claim-over-crime-rates-1.1377574 Garda Commissioner  rejects GRA claim over crime rates    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/hard-pressed-garda%C3%AD-seeking-to-leave-force-claims-official-1.1377546 Hard-pressed gardaí  seeking to leave force, claims official   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/even-the-judges-were-humbled-by-marie-fleming-s-courage-1.1376878 Even the judges were humbled by Marie Fleming’s courage    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/lawyer-for-promoter-claims-ugly-side-to-michael-jackson-1.1377542 Lawyer for promoter claims 'ugly’ side to Michael Jackson   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-jailed-for-10-years-over-240-000-of-cannabis-1.1377538 Man jailed for 10 years over €240,000 of cannabis   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/walsh-says-other-fg-tds-agree-over-stance-on-abortion-1.1377044 Walsh says other FG TDs agree over stance on abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/course-for-women-running-for-election-opens-1.1376997 Course for women running for election opens   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/a-year-of-living-mindfully-a-daily-ritual-is-the-key-to-meditation-1.1376524 A year of living mindfully: A daily ritual is the key to meditation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/medical-matters-supporting-the-local-chemist-and-our-health-1.1376839 Medical Matters: Supporting the local chemist and our health   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/supreme-court-rejects-fleming-case-but-says-ruling-does-not-preclude-legislation-1.1377075 Supreme Court rejects Fleming case but says ruling does not preclude legislation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/cabinet-expected-to-agree-on-abortion-bill-today-1.1377090  Cabinet expected to agree on abortion Bill today  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/connemara-air-crash-survivor-recounts-horror-1.1376987 Connemara air crash survivor recounts horror   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/gilmore-confident-over-eu-peace-fund-1.1376978  Gilmore ‘confident’ over EU peace fund  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/right-to-die-appeal-rejected-by-supreme-court-1.1377105 Right to die appeal rejected by Supreme Court   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/deaths-after-surgery-higher-than-in-uk-1.1376787 Deaths after surgery higher than in UK   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/alzheimer-s-drug-trial-begins-this-week-1.1376779 Alzheimer’s drug trial begins this week   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/health-professionals-await-decision-on-further-fee-cuts-1.1376852 Health professionals await decision on further fee cuts    
http://www.irishtimes.com/group-mounts-90-day-rescue-for-thomas-street-1.1376936 Group mounts 90-day rescue for Thomas Street
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/jeweller-can-keep-fee-for-sale-of-ring-1.1377011  Jeweller can keep fee for sale of ring  
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/five-year-old-boy-dies-after-fireplace-collapses-at-family-home-near-cork-1.1378244 Five year old boy dies after fireplace collapses at family home  near Cork    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/brother-of-missing-man-believes-body-found-is-him-1.1378230 Brother of missing man believes body found is him
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/deenihan-endorses-plan-for-fresh-investigation-into-sinking-of-lusitania-1.1378186 Deenihan endorses plan for fresh investigation into sinking of Lusitania   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/antioxidants-may-cause-more-harm-than-good-says-nobel-laureate-1.1378040 Antioxidants may cause more harm than good, says Nobel laureate   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/church-arson-accused-found-not-guilty-by-virtue-of-insanity-1.1378007 Church arson accused found not guilty by virtue of insanity   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/dangerous-driving-offences-rose-by-more-than-100-000-between-2010-and-2011-1.1377946 Dangerous driving offences rose by more than  100,000 between 2010 and 2011   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/state-facing-10-000-primary-school-place-shortfall-1.1377943 State facing 10,000 primary school place shortfall    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/fuel-laundry-sludge-dumped-at-same-ni-spot-10-times-1.1377914 Fuel laundry sludge dumped at same NI spot 10 times   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/creighton-will-follow-her-moral-judgment-on-abortion-1.1377880 Creighton will follow her ‘moral judgment’ on abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/search-for-missing-prisoner-continues-1.1377777 Search for missing prisoner continues	   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/protesters-oppose-1-150-wind-farms-in-midlands-1.1377697 Protesters oppose 1,150 wind farms in midlands    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/cheap-clothes-can-come-at-a-high-price-1.1376882 Cheap clothes can come at a high price   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/cabinet-agrees-abortion-draft-legislation-after-marathon-talks-1.1377589  Cabinet agrees abortion draft legislation after marathon talks   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/law-on-abortion-not-being-changed-claims-taoiseach-1.1378837 Law on abortion 'not being changed’, claims Taoiseach   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/four-teenagers-arrested-in-campaign-targeting-burglars-1.1378827 Four teenagers arrested in campaign targeting burglars   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/australian-pleads-guilty-to-david-greene-murder-1.1378817 Australian pleads guilty to David Greene murder   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/firearms-discovered-in-tallaght-house-search-1.1378811 Firearms discovered in Tallaght house search   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/analysis-garda-resources-a-key-factor-in-battling-crime-1.1378335 Analysis: Garda resources a key factor in battling crime   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/government-nominates-barrister-for-appointment-at-european-court-1.1378332 Government nominates barrister for appointment at  European court    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/waiting-for-the-call-my-first-hiv-test-1.1378090 Waiting for the call: my first HIV test   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/sale-of-coillte-unlikely-says-rabbitte-1.1378805 Sale of Coillte unlikely, says Rabbitte   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/claim-on-crime-figures-rejected-by-callinan-1.1378331 Claim on crime figures rejected by Callinan   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/section-of-proposed-abortion-bill-on-suicide-risk-will-be-most-closely-parsed-1.1378795 Section of proposed abortion Bill on suicide risk will be  most closely parsed
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/referendum-on-abolition-of-seanad-likely-to-take-place-in-october-1.1378394 Referendum on abolition of Seanad likely to take place in October   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/farmers-feeding-animals-instead-of-themselves-1.1378352 Farmers feeding animals instead of themselves   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/d%C3%A1il-report-kenny-says-abortion-legislation-is-about-saving-the-lives-of-women-and-their-unborn-babies-1.1378378 Dáil report: Kenny says abortion legislation is “about saving the lives of women and their unborn babies”   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/more-women-executives-required-to-boost-economic-growth-1.1378293 More women executives required to boost economic growth   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/consumer/restaurants-begin-campaign-to-keep-vat-at-9-1.1377786 Restaurants begin campaign to keep VAT at 9%   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/university-challenge-for-ombudsman-1.1378212 University challenge for ombudsman   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/arguments-for-very-restrictive-regime-prevail-after-cabinet-finally-signs-off-on-legislation-1.1378277 Arguments for very restrictive regime prevail after Cabinet finally signs off on legislation    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/severe-penalties-for-under-18-sunbed-use-1.1378290 Severe penalties for under-18 sunbed use   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/commissioner-supports-call-by-garda%C3%AD-for-independent-body-to-review-pay-1.1378299 Commissioner supports call by gardaí for independent body to review pay   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/a-tale-of-arrivals-and-departures-and-one-almighty-crash-1.1378113 A tale of arrivals and departures and one almighty crash   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/no-question-of-abortion-of-demand-insists-kenny-1.1378938 No question of abortion of demand, insists Kenny   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/taking-a-closer-look-at-how-the-super-rich-make-it-1.1378191 Taking a closer look at how the super rich make it   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-dies-in-hospital-after-shooting-in-rathcoole-1.1378907 Man dies in hospital after  shooting in Rathcoole   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/three-consultants-required-to-certify-need-for-abortion-1.1378888 Three consultants  required to certify  need for  abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/cabinet-of-curiosities-fails-to-reveal-secrets-1.1378360 Cabinet of curiosities fails to reveal secrets   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/taoiseach-rules-out-option-of-free-vote-on-abortion-legislation-1.1378837 Taoiseach rules out option of free vote on abortion legislation    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/section-of-bill-on-suicide-risk-will-be-most-closely-parsed-1.1378795 Section of Bill on suicide risk will be  most closely parsed
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ff-hints-at-support-for-draft-abortion-legislation-1.1379175 FF hints at support for draft abortion legislation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ff-leader-pays-tribute-to-late-donegal-td-1.1379113 FF leader pays tribute to late  Donegal TD   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/two-cork-city-councillors-arrested-at-household-tax-protest-1.1379147 Two Cork City councillors arrested at household tax protest     
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/gra-welcomes-plan-to-examine-garda-pay-1.1379060 GRA welcomes plan to examine Garda pay 
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/sides-on-abortion-debate-give-blunt-views-1.1379046 Sides on abortion debate give blunt views    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/letter-an-attack-on-my-professional-opinion-says-obstetrician-1.1379025 Letter  'an attack on my professional opinion’, says obstetrician    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/coldest-april-for-24-years-in-some-areas-1.1379008 Coldest April for 24 years in some areas   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/no-question-of-abortion-on-demand-insists-kenny-1.1378938 No question of abortion on demand, insists Kenny   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/mixed-political-response-to-draft-legislation-on-abortion-1.1378837 Mixed political response to  draft legislation on abortion   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/report-into-omagh-bomb-claims-atrocity-could-have-been-prevented-1.1379702 Report into Omagh bomb claims atrocity could have been prevented   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/hundreds-march-in-dublin-may-day-parade-against-austerity-policy-1.1379672 Hundreds march in Dublin May Day Parade against austerity policy   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/an-taisce-launches-legal-challenge-to-uk-nuclear-station-plan-1.1379545 An Taisce launches legal challenge to UK nuclear station plan   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/gra-welcomes-unprecedented-support-shown-by-commissioner-1.1379486 GRA welcomes ‘unprecedented’ support shown by commissioner    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-jailed-for-biting-off-part-of-other-man-s-nose-1.1379456 Man jailed for biting off part of other man’s nose   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/tiny-camera-lets-you-look-like-a-bug-1.1379365 Tiny camera lets you look like a bug   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/garda%C3%AD-begin-murder-investigation-after-dublin-shooting-1.1378907 Gardaí begin murder investigation after Dublin shooting   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/fine-gael-tds-and-senators-shifting-towards-supporting-abortion-legislation-1.1378837 Fine Gael TDs and Senators shifting towards supporting abortion legislation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/gilmore-denies-health-premiums-will-increase-15-per-cent-1.1380460 Gilmore denies health premiums will increase 15 per cent   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/roscommon-parish-priest-appointed-new-bishop-of-kerry-1.1380430 Roscommon parish priest  appointed  new Bishop of Kerry   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/former-ff-councillor-ger-killally-shot-at-outside-home-1.1380425 Former FF councillor Ger Killally shot at outside home   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/credibility-of-the-d%C3%A1il-depends-on-reforming-the-stifling-whip-system-1.1379441 Credibility of the Dáil depends on reforming the stifling whip system   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/ni-probation-services-outperforming-rest-of-uk-say-inspectors-1.1380407 NI probation services outperforming rest of UK, say inspectors   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/survey-finds-70-000-living-with-cancer-in-north-1.1380388 Survey finds 70,000 living with cancer in North   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/fine-gael-tds-voice-strong-support-for-kenny-1.1380365 Fine Gael TDs voice strong support for Kenny    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/coronation-street-star-roache-faces-rape-charges-1.1380360 Coronation Street star  Roache faces rape charges    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/banned-babies-names-list-updated-in-new-zealand-1.1380350 Banned babies’ names list updated in New Zealand   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/d%C3%A1il-health-committee-to-meet-on-abortion-legislation-1.1380339 Dáil health committee to meet on abortion legislation   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/teenage-girl-dies-after-being-hit-by-car-in-co-galway-1.1380301 Teenage girl dies after being hit by  car in Co Galway   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/proposed-abortion-bill-raises-issues-1.1379756 Proposed Abortion Bill raises issues    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/a-functional-and-essential-debate-1.1379304 A functional and essential debate    
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/abortion-bill-lowers-political-temperature-1.1379738 Abortion bill lowers political temperature   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/monster-symmetry-and-the-forces-of-nature-1.1379309 Monster symmetry and the forces of nature   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/taking-a-breath-for-better-health-1.1379327 Taking a breath for better health   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/man-charged-with-drug-and-firearms-offences-1.1380276 Man charged with drug and firearms offences   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/repossessions-bill-unpalatable-but-necessary-1.1379685 Repossessions Bill ‘unpalatable but necessary’   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/garda%C3%AD-trawl-victim-s-background-for-clues-to-killing-1.1380272 Gardaí trawl victim’s background for clues to killing   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/kenny-stresses-law-on-abortion-not-being-altered-1.1379264 Kenny stresses law on abortion not being altered   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/autumn-referendum-on-setting-up-court-of-appeal-planned-1.1380477 Autumn referendum on setting up Court of Appeal planned   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/shatter-frustrated-at-judges-imposing-short-jail-term-1.1380538 Shatter frustrated  at judges’ imposing short jail term     
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/tds-call-for-new-luas-bridge-to-be-named-after-tony-gregory-1.1380528 TDs call for new Luas bridge to be named after Tony Gregory	   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/science/bt-young-scientist-celebrates-50-years-1.1380524  BT Young Scientist celebrates 50 years   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/president-s-comments-on-europe-helpful-says-gilmore-1.1380510 President’s comments on Europe ‘helpful’ says Gilmore   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/nine-arrested-in-operation-against-suspected-burglars-1.1380483 Nine arrested in operation against suspected burglars   
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/21-bathing-spots-stripped-of-top-ranking-1.1380491 21 bathing spots stripped of top ranking     
